# Research Work On Why We Should Prayer

## 1.0 Introduction
Over the years the Master encouraged me to pay more attention to prayer. He suggested that I change the way I carried out prayer. On my part I had a need to understand the inner working of this prayer.

Therefore scope of this research is to have evidence of what happens when a person prays. From the findings I should be able to provide information as to **_"Why is praying essential?"_**.

## 1.2 Methodology
Observation is the main methodology for capturing data. The data will be captured in text form and in video form where appropriate. Interviews will be conducted with the Master, and the Administrative Servants.

## 1.3 Duration of Research
The initial research will run for 4 weeks. That is starting 15 December 2021 to 15 January 2022. Upon which a review will be conducted to ascertain whether findings are adequate.

## 1.4 Research Co-Ordinator
* Larry Mwansa of Ichebo Christian Services


### 1.5 Glossary of Terms
* **_The Master_**  is the Most High
* **_Administrative Servants_** are angels
* **_The Place of Worship_** is what is conditional atmosphere known also as being in the presence, or spirit


## 2.0 What is Prayer?
Prayer is the formal way of seeking the audience of the Master. It makes it possible for an person to conduct cross dimension meetings and dialogue.

The main types of meetings are Priestly meetings, and Entreating meetings?

### 2.1 Priestly Meetings
This is the main and accepted way of conducting meetings according to the Master. These meetings practically are matter of life or death in this sense, they are the means which the life force the regenerated person in reinvigorated. According to the Master, "this art of meetings is lost to most of us. Or it is totally shunned upon by most of us. Today it goes by names such as devotional time, or devotional prayers. Most of what goes into most devotional prayers is a semblance of priestly meetings.

### 2.2 Entreating Meetings
This involves intercession, requests, petitions and supplications etc. These meetings can be extension of a priestly meeting or a stand alone entreating meeting. A vast majority of general prayer falls into this category.

According to Master, the majority of prayers are entreaty prayers. Mostly presented into without priestly backing so that they are fruitless attempts without any support.   

## 3.0 What happens during prayer?
Here I will focus on the Priestly prayers

There are three stages to prayer:

### 3.1.0 First Level Prayer: The Washing Process
Scripture reading is like a washing to get you ready. On the mental level it is preparation where the word (spirit) in this place acts to connect you to him. The word is the water you wash yourself with before you can become. That's why you see the analogy presented in the prayers of the people of the east. Before entering in the they have washing ritual. Your washing ritual is the word.

### 3.1.1 Second Level Prayer : Presenting Yourself
This is the first surge of power of the presence. This is your power. To the novice it is usually mistaken for the place of his presence. Each of you is provided with power, as you present yourself. The Holy Spirit (anointing) in you witnesses of your behalf that you his at this stage. And in a way it calls to the test of sonship. It is at this stage that you anointing builds up in you. And the new life is energized. This is your daily portion. Life supplied everyday.

 What happens on this level:
* This is the person's entry into the place of worship (in the spirit).
* you are more aware of the yourself in the spirit.
* you are more energized
* you are more of the presence upon you and round about you. You aware that you have entered different place.
* This is your daily resurrection. You become more alive to him analogy like that equal of manna.
* This is you arising. You have to arise everyday like the rising sun. This you get when you get saved. You experience being alive in me.

### 3.1.2 Third Level: The Master Presents Himself
This is the second surge of power of the presence. This is his power. He arrives in the place of worship. This is the God-side of entry in the place.

What happens on this level:
* you have a talk with Him regarding what he has on his mind.
* you enter in as a priest conducting priestly duties.
* you serve him based on his needs
* the second surge of power is signature of his power or sign of entry

### 3.1.3 Four Level: The Gifts Are Presented By The Master
This is the third surge of power of the presence. This is the power of the gift or his provision. This is the point of rapture. This is the place of ecstasy. The place of glory.

What happens?
* He gives gifts to the person in the place of worship
* This is when he gets to prophesy the gifts into this dimension
* this is the biggest of all surges in power. A signature of the gift or prophetic power.
* The place of worship is similar to Eden, the place of delight.
* Once everything is in place then there is a sense of release.

## 4.0 Vital data
3 hours of prayer required:
* 1st Hour the word
* 2nd hour priestly working
* 3rd hour intercession & supplications

## 15/12/2021 Numbers
* 1st Level Reading Scripture: 20 minutes
* 2nd Level Your entrance 8 minutes then in  
* 3rd level His entrance 18 minutes then in  
* 4th level the gifts 14 minutes then in  
