# Research On Devotional life - No. 10 - 14.01.22 - Benoni CBD

## 5:13 am Presenting Yourself - Phase 1

### 5:13 am Scripture Reading from I Corinthians 6

#### Concept: Technically Legal but not Spiritually Appropriate (I Cor. 6:12)

#### Concept: Treastise on Sex and the Concept of The two become one."

1 Corinthians 6:14-20

14  God honored the Master's body by raising it from the grave. He'll treat yours with the same resurrection power.

15  Until that time, remember that your bodies are created with the same dignity as the Master's body. You wouldn't take the Master's body off to a whorehouse, would you? I should hope not.

16  There's more to sex than mere skin on skin. Sex is as much spiritual mystery as physical fact. As written in Scripture, "The two become one."

17  Since we want to become spiritually one with the Master, we must not pursue the kind of sex that avoids commitment and intimacy, leaving us more lonely than ever--the kind of sex that can never "become one."

18  There is a sense in which sexual sins are different from all others. In sexual sin we violate the sacredness of our own bodies, these bodies that were made for God-given and God-modeled love, for "becoming one" with another.

19  Or didn't you realize that your body is a sacred place, the place of the Holy Spirit? Don't you see that you can't live however you please, squandering what God paid such a high price for? The physical part of you is not some piece of property belonging to the spiritual part of you.

20  God owns the whole works. So let people see God in and through your body.

## 5:40 am: Presenting Yourself - Phase 2

### 5:43 am: 1st Surge of Power

### 4:48 am: The Witness Given

## 5:50 am: Master is Presents Himself

### 5:50 am: 2nd Surge of Power

* Devotion is not the time you put in that counts. It is being present with the Master that counts.
* The Spirit of worship comes upon me.
* Ideas started popping out during this session.
* I get ideas for my organisation this way. Today ideas of Ichebo online work are pushing through. There is urgence within me to execute plans.
* I need to get the Ichebo ministry plan finalised shortly.
* Today I need to start putting together Devotion work.
* Use the analogy of Artificial intelligence as the path way to explaining the concept of thought subjective and objective.

### 6:27 am: 3rd Surge of Power

### --:-- am: Gifts Phase