# Research On Devotional life - No. 3 - 24.12.21 - Benoni CBD

### 7:30 am Scripture Reading from Galatians

#### About Scripture Jumps
What is a scripture jump? It happens when you get a connection to a particular text. You get the text emphasized to you. More like a text impressed upon you. This is only restricted to one text, it could be several text that jump up at you.

Why is reading scripture important for you before you get into praying. Well it clears you mind and get is prepped for the upcoming spiritual undertaking.

#### Scripture Jumps in this session

**_New life doesn't come by pleasing God but by responding to God._**

_Gal 3:2-5 MSG:_ Let me put this question to you: How did your new life begin? Was it by working your heads off to please God? Or was it by responding to God's Message to you?


**_Not by strenuous moral striving or because you trust him to do_**

_Gal 3:5 MSG_ Answer this question: Does the God who lavishly provides you with his own presence, his Holy Spirit, working things in your lives you could never do for yourselves, does he do these things because of your strenuous moral striving or because you trust him to do them in you?

**_Faith in God makes one right before God_**

_Gal 3:6-7 MSG_ Don't these things happen among you just as they happened with Abraham? He believed God, and that act of belief was turned into a life that was right with God.


**_Faith is the old doctrine and not a new_**

_Gal 3:8-9 MSG:_ It was all laid out beforehand in Scripture that God would set things right with non-Jews by faith. Scripture anticipated this in the promise to Abraham: "All nations will be blessed in you."


**_Trying to live by own effort, independent of God, is doomed to failure._**

_Gal 3:10 MSG:_  And that means that anyone who tries to live by his own effort, independent of God, is doomed to failure. Scripture backs this up: "Utterly cursed is every person who fails to carry out every detail written in the Book of the law."

**_Relation to what happened to Adam and them who tried to this based on their strength in Genesis. This is what Cain was doing in Genesis with the sacrifice and all the Nod way of living._

**_"The person who believes God, is set right by God--and that's the real life."_**

_Gal 3:11 MSG:_  The obvious impossibility of carrying out such a moral program should make it plain that no one can sustain a relationship with God that way. The person who lives in right relationship with God does it by embracing what God arranges for him. Doing things for God is the opposite of entering into what God does for you. Habakkuk had it right: "The person who believes God, is set right by God--and that's the real life."

**_Reference of Tree and the Rightful Owner of that Tree_**

_Gal 3:12-14 MSG:_  Rule-keeping does not naturally evolve into living by faith, but only perpetuates itself in more and more rule-keeping, a fact observed in Scripture: "The one who does these things [rule-keeping]continues to live by them."  (13)  Christ redeemed us from that self-defeating, cursed life by absorbing it completely into himself. Do you remember the Scripture that says, "Cursed is everyone who hangs on a tree"? That is what happened when Jesus was nailed to the Cross: He became a curse, and at the same time dissolved the curse.  (14)  And now, because of that, the air is cleared and we can see that Abraham's blessing is present and available for non-Jews, too. We are all able to receive God's life, his Spirit, in and with us by believing--just the way Abraham received it.

 **_The Tree of knowledge of Good and Evil Sample, what it does and it was meant for. That new life is provided. They way to get into this life is not by trying be good._

**_If faith grants you new life. Then Master Spirit grants you the evidence of that new life_**

_Gal 4:6-7 MSG:_  You can tell for sure that you are now fully adopted as his own children because God sent the Spirit of his Son into our lives crying out, "Papa! Father!"  7  Doesn't that privilege of intimate conversation with God make it plain that you are not a slave, but a child? And if you are a child, you're also an heir, with complete access to the inheritance.

**_A Woman as a Symbol a System Evidence Here_**

**_Hagar and Sarah are represented as The system of slavery and the system of grace. All have to do with the way relate with God in this context._

**_Could you please find other references in the text about this pattern and do a write up about it_

**_Check the development of this pattern. First from the rudimentary symbols in Genesis. Such as a wife (Eve) a wife being one who is covenant. Thus one who is divorce is one who is not covenanted. Check out the wives in the text of the holy men it test out this pattern_


Gal 4:21-28 MSG  Tell me now, you who have become so enamored with the law: Have you paid close attention to that law?  22  Abraham, remember, had two sons: one by the slave woman and one by the free woman.  23  The son of the slave woman was born by human connivance; the son of the free woman was born by God's promise.  24  This illustrates the very thing we are dealing with now. The two births represent two ways of being in relationship with God. One is from Mount Sinai in Arabia.  25  It corresponds with what is now going on in Jerusalem--a slave life, producing slaves as offspring. This is the way of Hagar.  26  In contrast to that, there is an invisible Jerusalem, a free Jerusalem, and she is our mother--this is the way of Sarah.  27  Remember what Isaiah wrote: Rejoice, barren woman who bears no children, shout and cry out, woman who has no birth pangs, Because the children of the barren woman now surpass the children of the chosen woman.  28  Isn't it clear, friends, that you, like Isaac, are children of promise?

**_The Persecution of Abel Evidence Here_**

**_Could you please find other references in the text about this pattern and do a write up about it_

Gal 4:29-31 MSG  In the days of Hagar and Sarah, the child who came from faithless connivance (Ishmael) harassed the child who came--empowered by the Spirit--from the faithful promise (Isaac). Isn't it clear that the harassment you are now experiencing from the Jerusalem heretics follows that old pattern?  30  There is a Scripture that tells us what to do: "Expel the slave mother with her son, for the slave son will not inherit with the free son."  31  Isn't that conclusive? We are not children of the slave woman, but of the free woman.

**_Arriving at the statement that I somehow missed and spooked me. Totally profound. I had not paied attention to it in my past reading of the letter to the Galatians. Here it is:_**

**Gal 5:1-5 MSG  Christ has set us free to live a free life. So take your stand! Never again let anyone put a harness of slavery on you.  2  I am emphatic about this. The moment any one of you submits to circumcision or any other rule-keeping system, at that same moment Christ's hard-won gift of freedom is squandered.  3  I repeat my warning: The person who accepts the ways of circumcision trades all the advantages of the free life in Christ for the obligations of the slave life of the law.  4  I suspect you would never intend this, but this is what happens. When you attempt to live by your own religious plans and projects, you are cut off from Christ, you fall out of grace.  5  Meanwhile we expectantly wait for a satisfying relationship with the Spirit.**

**_The symbol of Yeast evidenced here_**

_Always wondered what the Master meant when he said be careful of the yeast of the pharisees. It meant going for own effort not faith in the master.
Gal 5:9 MSG  And please don't toss this off as insignificant. It only takes a minute amount of yeast, you know, to permeate an entire loaf of bread.

### 9:21 am: My Thoughts
**_I paused here from the scripture reading. I found myself impressed to go on with the scripture. Whether this is because I'm compulsive that way. Cause I tend to get caught into something and before I know it time has been consumed. But in observation this devotion habit. It is worth noting that it could that you could be drawn into your devotional habit into attending to an impression given and not trying to follow the pattern as always. It is imperative to be Spirit led. For now I don't stop here but rather will go into some prayer and see what happens._

### 9:27 am: Enter into Prayer
* Praying in the Spirit

#### 09:34 am: 1st Surge of power

#### 09:38 am: Entering the place of worship
* Praying in the Spirit in a song
* The dose of life has arrived

#### 9:46 am: 2nd Surge of power

#### 9:52 am: Aware of His presence
