# Research On Devotional life - No. 4 - 28.12.21 - Benoni CBD

## 7:30 am: Scripture Reading from Galatians 1-3

Washing procedures are part of the foundation procedures. Scripture representing the washing procedures. Enter not on the foundation of trying morally to please God. Enter on the foundation of his word and his promise (faith in Him based on his word)

## 8:12 am: Enter into prayer

* Start prayer with the language supplied by Master Holy Spirit.
  
* Use that which is supplied to recieve that which is given by the Son. _(this is the explanation for being in the Spirit language as the first basis for entering in. Also whether it is only tongues and nothing else that one needs to enter in)_

* Regarding the first phase preparations and how to receive what is supplied in this phase, it has to do with understanding what the foundation supplies.

*So the word is attached to foundation readiness in its delivery.

## 8:23 am: 1st Surge of Power

* As you present yourself before the Master, the first protocol supplies this presentation. Many of you want to represent yourselves based on confessing your sins and having a arguement of what deeds justify as right to be done. That is not what presenting yourself before the Master is about.

* Salvation supplied (that new life) and Master Holy Spirit confirm you as preffered to appear.

* The life is then supplied and it opens the way for you to enter in. Basically it is the key is entry.

## 8:36 am: 2nd Surge of Power

* A power surge is a build up of the presence that announces each level of engagement in the devotional process or the Priestly Procedures. (Name these processes as Priestly Procedures) 

_Remember there are 5 procedures of No.5 remains the forte of the operators which fits in the gifts procedures. Strictly speaking there are 3 procedures.But for academic purpose to show the distinction between washing and the presentation of yourself.

So the procedures are as follows:

#### Procedure 1: You are Presented in the Place of the Presence

The following are the procedures that takes place on this level:

* ***_The Washing._*** There is the washing procedure with the word. This is your foundation.
*  ***_The Witness._*** There is the supplied Salvation and witness of Master Spirit.

#### Procedure 2: The Master appears in the place of the presence

* The Master comes in
* You begin your priest duties as you serve him.
* During this level the Master will engage you. The engagement might be him speaking to you. Pay attention.

#### Procedure 3: Gifts are given

Two categories of gifts are supplied:

* **Personal Gifts** as the name suggest have to do with the gifts for you as a person. Gifts take on many forms of things that Master can give to a person.
* **Ministry Gifts** if one is ministry or an operator in addition to the above category of gifts will be given gifts related to ministry. This types of gifts will be initiated by a surge of power. It can be mistaked for fourth procedure. _(So please rectify that 3 levels of procedures and keep them as given)_

## 8:51 am 3rd Surge of Power

Types of Gifts

1. **Gifts from above.** For example gifts from the throne itself.
2. **Gifts in you** Such gifts will need powering and restoring because they deplete occasionally. They are divine but are subject to the laws of scarcity present on earth and acting on you.

**A gift of administration is released.** And I receive it. This will give you the edge over what you already have. Use it to form the procedures needed to set-up a framework for raising the next church.

The church will be online and organic community. It must be based on the new framework. What you started earlier could not exist in this new framework. The fact that you are drawing these procedures is testament to the fact.