# Research On Devotional life - No. 5 - 03.01.22 - Benoni CBD

## 6:40 am Scripture Reading from I Corinthians

### Scripture Jumps in this session

I Corinthians 1:10-17
Here Paul brings in the teaching on fracturing the unity of the christian community. This is a great evidence of fragmentation of the unity of the faith. In our times it has become excepted us the norm. The side picking is normal now. We are belong to someone. There are constant fights for who has greater following.

The solution to fragmentation is:
"You must learn to be considerate of one another, cultivating a life in common." - I Cor. 1:10

So here are thing that jump out

### Shilling Jesus to gain Celebrity status

Are you collecting your own following and using the name of God? The act of shilling Jesus to gain popularity.**

God didn't send me out to collect a following for myself, but to preach the Message of what he has done, collecting a following for him. And he didn't send me to do it with a lot of fancy rhetoric of my own, lest the powerful action at the center--Christ on the Cross--be trivialized into mere words. 1 Corinthians 1:17 MSG

**How it is done:**

* **Picking sides** 1Co 1:12
* **Using relics** to claim exclusivity, authourity and power. 1Co 1:13
* **Hijacking the Jesus emblems such as baptism** using these elements as ways of making people join the fold. But this time not for Jesus Christ but being baptised into an organisation of so and so. 1Co 1:14
* **Using your own gimmicks to entice people to you** rather than using the using the power of the Gospel. 1Co 1:17

### The Format for the Message

1Co 1:17 Preach the Message of what he has done, collecting a following for him.

1Co 1:17 The gospel, this is the way God works, and most powerfully as it turns out.

#### Components of the Message

The two things that makes the messages. And also the two things into which the world can be divided into:

* **miraculous demonstrations.** God or ungod derived religion based on human ideas for the supernatural and what credential prove that operate and expected in the fraternity. The proof will look like absence of truth. They need for a miracles signs and wonders. That the supernatural is the way. Living for the supernatural only.
* **philosophical wisdom.** The philosophy are the jusitification that form human lifestyles away from the lifestyle provided for in Christ. Examples philosophies such as the Epicurean way (hedonism) or Stoics. Please look out the philosophies in Greeks and all major philosophies present populat. As these present the premise of the given lifestyles that are present today. Check this out on philosophy: 1Co 2:6 MSG  We, of course, have plenty of wisdom to pass on to you once you get your feet on firm spiritual ground, but it's not popular wisdom, the fashionable wisdom of high-priced experts that will be out-of-date in a year or so.

**Jesus is God's ultimate miracle and wisdom.** 1Co 1:24 MSG  But to us who are personally called by God himself--both Jews and Greeks--Christ is God's ultimate miracle and wisdom all wrapped up in one.

This is the understanding I'm getting from Paul here. That the way people live are divided: into human wisdom that makes up the lifestyles that are popular amongst people. And also the religious who have the knowledge of God but are stuck in there own of doing things. So the message build is this way it provides for both. The way and the lifestyle. (Mat 12:38-39)

#### Name for the Message

Possible Name of the work and the message "God's master stroke". God's Original Plan.

#### Structure of the Message

* first Jesus and who he is; 
* then Jesus and what he did--Jesus crucified.
* God's Spirit and God's power did it

1Co 2:1-2 MSG  You'll remember, friends, that when I first came to you to let you in on God's master stroke, I didn't try to impress you with polished speeches and the latest philosophy.  2  I deliberately kept it plain and simple: first Jesus and who he is; then Jesus and what he did--Jesus crucified.

Some ways of doing this that take away and you can use when shilling for celebrirty status and a following:

Polished speeches and latest philosophy

## 8:29 am: Enter into Prayer

## 8:33 am: 1st Surge of Power (I enter)

## 8:34 am: 2nd Surge of Power

## 8:39 am: Father enters

what he says, "I'm releasing power into your life." 

This has to do with handing over the power and capability to minister effectively.

Go through the testament to build up the Message and the teaching for this hour (the year). I will give you three hours (3 years) of wisdom to dispense. Finish I Corinthians then you can revert to the top. Remember this a rapid study and workbook preparation.

## 9:00 am: 3rd Surge of Power

These coming minutes (days) will be power building sessions

Nana will be accepted into the school. At first there will be a no but look that again there will be a yes.
