# Research On Devotional life - No. 6 - 04.01.22 - Benoni CBD

## 5:31 am Presenting Yourself - Phase 1

### 5:31 am Scripture Reading from I Corinthians 2-4

#### Scripture Jumps in this session

##### Attributes of God's Message

###### Christ is God's Wisdom

1Co 1:24 MSG  But to us who are personally called by God himself--both Jews and Greeks--Christ is God's ultimate miracle and wisdom all wrapped up in one.

###### Not Popular or Fashionable Wisdom

1Co 2:6 MSG  We, of course, have plenty of wisdom to pass on to you once you get your feet on firm spiritual ground, but it's not popular wisdom, the fashionable wisdom of high-priced experts that will be out-of-date in a year or so.

###### God's wisdom is a mystery revealed in Christ

1Co 2:7 MSG  God's wisdom is something mysterious that goes deep into the interior of his purposes. You don't find it lying around on the surface. It's not the latest message, but more like the oldest--what God determined as the way to bring out his best in us, long before we ever arrived on the scene.

###### God's Wisdom is Revealed to Us By His Spirit

1Co 2:9-10 MSG  That's why we have this Scripture text: No one's ever seen or heard anything like this, Never so much as imagined anything quite like it-- What God has arranged for those who love him.  10  But you've seen and heard it because God by his Spirit has brought it all out into the open before you. The Spirit, not content to flit around on the surface, dives into the depths of God, and brings out what God planned all along.

###### God's Wisdom is learnt from God in Jesus

1Co 2:13 MSG  We don't have to rely on the world's guesses and opinions. We didn't learn this by reading books or going to school; we learned it from God, who taught us person-to-person through Jesus, and we're passing it on to you in the same firsthand, personal way.

###### God's Wisdom is Spirit

1Co 2:14-16 MSG  The unspiritual self, just as it is by nature, can't receive the gifts of God's Spirit. There's no capacity for them. They seem like so much silliness. Spirit can be known only by spirit--God's Spirit and our spirits in open communion.  15  Spiritually alive, we have access to everything God's Spirit is doing, and can't be judged by unspiritual critics.  16  Isaiah's question, "Is there anyone around who knows God's Spirit, anyone who knows what he is doing?" has been answered: Christ knows, and we have Christ's Spirit.

##### Attributes of Messenger

###### You are Servant

1Co 3:5 MSG Who do you think Paul is, anyway? Or Apollos, for that matter? Servants, both of us--servants who waited on you as you gradually learned to entrust your lives to our mutual Master. We each carried out our servant assignment.

###### You are Servant Task with a Particular Role

1Co 3:5 MSG ...We each carried out our servant assignment.

###### As Servant you are rewarded for your task

1Co 3:8 MSG  Planting and watering are menial servant jobs at minimum wages.

###### God makes what you Work on Grow not You

1Co 3:6-7 MSG  I planted the seed, Apollos watered the plants, but God made you grow.  7  It's not the one who plants or the one who waters who is at the center of this process but God, who makes things grow.

###### Servanthood is Gift and its function comes as a gift from God

1Co 3:10 MSG  Using the gift God gave me as a good architect, I designed blueprints; Apollos is putting up the walls. Let each carpenter who comes on the job take care to build on the foundation!

###### Your Foundation is Jesus Christ

1Co 3:11 MSG  Remember, there is only one foundation, the one already laid: Jesus Christ.

###### You are a servant of Christ

1Co 4:1 MSG  Don't imagine us leaders to be something we aren't. We are servants of Christ, not his masters. We are guides into God's most sublime secrets, not security guards posted to protect them.

###### You are guide and not a security guard

1Co 4:1 MSG  Don't imagine us leaders to be something we aren't. We are servants of Christ, not his masters. We are guides into God's most sublime secrets, not security guards posted to protect them.

###### You are to be a reliable and Knowledgeable

1Co 4:2 MSG  The requirements for a good guide are reliability and accurate knowledge.

###### It is God who endorses. Don't clamour for Human endorsement

1Co 4:4-5 MSG  I'm not aware of anything that would disqualify me from being a good guide for you, but that doesn't mean much. The Master makes that judgment.  5  So don't get ahead of the Master and jump to conclusions with your judgments before all the evidence is in. When he comes, he will bring out in the open and place in evidence all kinds of things we never even dreamed of--inner motives and purposes and prayers. Only then will any one of us get to hear the "Well done!" of God.

## Concepts

### Farming Cycle

Seed, Water, The Field is similar to: Foundation, building materials and the House

1Co 3:6,9 MSG  I planted the seed, Apollos watered the plants, but God made you grow...What makes them worth doing is the God we are serving. You happen to be God's field in which we are working. Or, to put it another way, you are God's house.

This is the same concept as that of Genesis of the Ground, Trees, and Fruit. This from the point of view for the worker in the field. So there is also the God point of view as the owner of the field or the power that makes the field and things in it grow. Also there is the point of view of the person is the ground or house. Where seed spiritual gift can be planted and it will be aided to grow by God into fruit.

### Spiritual Building

You have a task in the building. You could the architect. There is spiritual material at your disposal. The discretion of what you use to build in upon you. The building is the person. Instead just thinking of brick and mortor think about people. How many of them can you build up. What is easier to build a person or house? Think of it this way. Work as an agent (sub-contractor) for the Master to build his building.

## 6:58 am: Presenting Yourself - Phase 2

### 7:00 am: 1st Surge of Power

These surge signifies the begin of the witness being established by the washing and the Witness. Master Holsy Spirit with your Spirit confirming that you are preferred.

This is foundation business it provides for the requirements need for you to have a meeting the Master God. Jesus provides for all these credentials.

### 7:04 am: The Witness Given

The witness takes place and you are ushered into the meeting place.

## 7:16 am: Master is Presents Himself

### 7:16 am: 2nd Surge of Power

* Worship kicks in
* General maintenance meeting
* So the Person gets updated as the Master wills.
* All power points are given

## 7:27 am: 3rd Surge of Power

### 7:31 am: Gifts given

* Gift of sight is given.
  
## 7:35 am: 4rd Surge of Power

### 7:38 am: Ministry Gifts phase

* Place of operations given.
* The wisdom to go about planting churches.
* Beautified and structured 