# Research On Devotional life - No. 7 - 03.01.22 - Benoni CBD

## 5:06 am Presenting Yourself - Phase 1

### 5:06 am Scripture Reading from I Corinthians 4-5


#### Don't Pass Corruption as small thing

1 Corinthians 5:2

2  And you're so above it all that it doesn't even faze you! Shouldn't this break your hearts? Shouldn't it bring you to your knees in tears? Shouldn't this person and his conduct be confronted and dealt with?

1 Corinthians 5:6

6  Your flip and callous arrogance in these things bothers me. You pass it off as a small thing, but it's anything but that. Yeast, too, is a "small thing," but it works its way through a whole batch of bread dough pretty fast.

## Concepts

### Yeast

This is the concept used to illustrate how corruption or seduction when allowed can turn the intergrity of something around. It is also used in how this corruption works with pride. The reaction of yeast that rises the dough is representative of being puffed up with pride. Or more closely the callousness, apathy and lack of indignation towards the corruption taking place. 1 Corinthians 5:2-3 brings this issue apathy up. Then introduces the concepts of brazen callousness and the eroding of the intergrity.

In this case he points out that the believer must be the passover bread made with yeast. Here we see that the yeast is liken to evil working its way to corrupt. The concept of yeast has to do with something that alters the intergrity of a thing. To a believer that which is not in confines of the framework of grace, left unchecked to grow and fester, would be considered as yeast.

  _But I am saying that you shouldn't act as if everything is just fine when one of your Christian companions is promiscuous or crooked, is flip with God or rude to friends, gets drunk or becomes greedy and predatory. You can't just go along with this, treating it as acceptable behavior. I'm not responsible for what the outsiders do, but don't we have some responsibility for those within our community of believers?
1 Corinthians 5:11-12_

### Feast

Paul encourages his the believers is Corinth to keep that feast of the passover by insuring that there is no yeast amongst them.

The relationship with God and what he done for us is liken to a feast. No one can say they enjoyed a feast in absentia. One has to be there.

[Deal with the feast]

## 6:29 am: Presenting Yourself - Phase 2

### 6:35 am: 1st Surge of Power

### 6:42 am: The Witness Given

## 6:53 am: Master is Presents Himself

### 6:53 am: 2nd Surge of Power

#### Development Message

* The delivery will handles as follows:
  * **_Value content_** will be taken from the word study during this devotion research and devotions going onwards. Handle them as the topics are given from the text. There will be something for everyone that way. For example leadership material will pop when need be. And Foundational material will pop-up when need. Just be sure to categorized the content as it accumulates. Do this though at the end of the Devotion research put together the work into a teaching and training manuals on "The Way of Prayer" and on also on the "Your Ministry As the Priest". This ministry I want to see it revived. Based your teaching material from what you have gleaned from Galatians and Corinthians. Don't wait too long develop the Format and content for the Foundation Message and begin to seed the plan.
  * **_The Foundation Message to Used As A Ministry_** This is essentially the vision and mission together with it message. Continue to work on it in tandem as you produce content. Cause your first intention was to use this foundation message for value content.This was giving you pressure to complete the work in a haste. This will give you time to work on this directive until you are done whilst you are able to teach from the washing materials. The washing materials are good data for foundation phase teaching. I emphasis give them the teaching and not talk about the washing. For those that want to know about the rites of the Priest, let them go through the training. The foundation message and it is format are for building the strategy and operations of the enterprise. See to it the is done. All work going forward will be based on the format of the message "God's Master Stroke"

#### Developing the Calendar

* The calendar of the ministry operations will follow the festival dates.
* Mark out the 7 feasts and their significance and dates for 2022.
* Note the times of fruit and harvest of each feast. All your plans and their outcomes must be gotten by the harvest time of each of those feast dates in the great phases of the calendar.
* From concept development to concept realisation to fruit of concept there will be 3 main phases. Follow after my pattern. So you will have 3 main events for ministry development. The vision and mission will be achieved in 3 main phases. The teaching and training program will be done in 3 main phases. 3 main objectives to administer as operations.
* Main events should correspond with the 3 Great feasts.:
  * **Passover** _Fri, (15 Apr 2022 – Sat, 23 Apr 2022)_
  * **Feast of Weeks** _(Sat, 04 Jun 2022 – Mon, 06 Jun 2022)_
  * **Feast of Taberacles (Feast of Booths)** _(Sun, 09 Oct 2022 – Sun, 16 Oct 2022)_
  
* 3 years should be give to develop the leadership.
* The development of the leadership will be developed based on my training format of my Apostles. That format will also inform the lesser adoption phase training. Going forward Discipleship training will be called Adoption Training. Why? whoever wants to be part of my family will need to adoption my wisdom first. Allow no one in without adoption training.
* Adoption Training (Disciples Training) will done in 3 phase.
  * Phase 1: God's Original Plan:
    * Who I Am (Master Jesus) what I have done.
    * What it is means you
  * Phase 2: Salvation
    * What is salvation?
    * Why do you need salvation?
    * How does salvation work?
    * How to acquire salvation?
    * How to maintain your salvation
  * Phase 3: Your Relationship
    * Sonship (Study of Your Position). This will deal with the building skill to understand the different ways that people are living in thier relationship with the Master. This teaching is vital in addressing the Galatians factor.
      * the child of the promise
      * the slave child
    * Your witness
    * You as a priest. This handles the foundation of the devotional lifesytle.


## --:-- am: Gifts are Given

### --:-- am: 3rd Surge of Power

### --:-- am: 4rd Surge of Power

### --:-- am: Ministry Gifts phase