# Research On Devotional life - No. 8 - 11.01.22 - Benoni CBD

## 5:31 am Presenting Yourself - Phase 1

### 5:31 am Scripture Reading from I Corinthians 5

#### The Concept of the Feast

There are 3 Great Feasts. They require a pilgrimmage to Jesrusalem. Where all males are to present themselves with sptipulated offering. All three of these feasts required that “firstfruit” offerings be made at the temple as a way of expressing thanksgiving for God’s provision. The Feast of Firstfruits celebrated at the time of the Passover included the first fruits of the barley harvest. The Feast of Weeks was in celebration of the first fruits of the wheat harvest, and the Feast of Tabernacles involved offerings of the first fruits of the olive and grape harvests. Here are the 3:

  * **Passover** _Fri, (15 Apr 2022 – Sat, 23 Apr 2022)_
  * **Feast of Weeks** _(Sat, 04 Jun 2022 – Mon, 06 Jun 2022)_
  * **Feast of Taberacles (Feast of Booths)** _(Sun, 09 Oct 2022 – Sun, 16 Oct 2022)_

The are seven feasts all in all:

- **Passover** _Fri, (15 Apr 2022 – Sat, 23 Apr 2022)_
- **Feast of Unleaven Bread**
- **Feast of Weeks** _(Sat, 04 Jun 2022 – Mon, 06 Jun 2022)_
- **Feast of Trumpets** _(Sun, 25 Sept 2022 – Tue, 27 Sept 2022)_
- **Day of Atonement** _(Tue, 04 Oct 2022 – Wed, 05 Oct 2022)_
- **Feast of Tabernacles (Feast of Booths)** _(Sun, 09 Oct 2022 – Sun, 16 Oct 2022)_
- **Feast of First Fruits**

#### The Passover Feast Concept & Yeast

_So get rid of this "yeast." Our true identity is flat and plain, not puffed up with the wrong kind of ingredient. The Messiah, our Passover Lamb, has already been sacrificed for the Passover meal, and we are the Unraised Bread part of the Feast. So let's live out our part in the Feast, not as raised bread swollen with the yeast of evil, but as flat bread--simple, genuine, unpretentious.
1 Corinthians 5:7-8_

Here is the use of symbolism in fact that confirms that its utilization in the OT. This is evidence of the method I have developed. Concepts are built using symbolic devices built on figures.

Here I see the feast as such a concept. Now all that has to do with a the work of Christ,the work of Salvation and grace is presented as a feast.

The requirements of the feast is that is you must attend. It must to held (forever) annually, at given date.

## 6:11 am: Presenting Yourself - Phase 2

### 6:19 am: 1st Surge of Power

### 6:24 am: The Witness Given

## 6:24 am: Master is Presents Himself

### 6:25 am: 2nd Surge of Power

I need to know that these stage in your entering in can happen at the same time.

So what happens in prayer?:

* The daily provision of life is what you get gives you the life qualities of Christ. It is like an innoculation from the day to day erosion.

* Communicating with the Father. You get the counsel of the Master. You get instructions for tasks.
* Serving the Father.
* It is like the way it was with Manna in the Wilderness with the Israelites. I provided it and they had to go fetch from the surface of the ground. So it is with the life of the priest. You need to daily come into the place of the presence. To receive that portion of the bread of life. To keep the level replenished. And also just like the Israelites they were pulled to the other side of life. The Egyptian life, food and slavery was a great allure. So it is with you to answer your question, if we get this life why is there such a disparity it the quality of the saved. This tag and pull is always at work in the people.
* The time you get into the presence you receive gifts. It is creates a openning for gifts to come to you.

### 6:27 am: 3rd Surge of Power

### --:-- am: Gifts Phase
