# Research On Devotional life - No. 9 - 12.01.22 - Benoni CBD

## 5:31 am Presenting Yourself - Phase 1

### 5:31 am Scripture Reading from I Corinthians 6

#### The Concept of Christians As Judges (I Corinthians 6:1-11)

_Things like this one are lost to us now. We have entrusted much of our lives to the world. And there is riddle because of such. My questions is how much of the christian way have we lost._

* Secular courts don't know God's ways. Let Christian folk handle such as matters.
* You don't trust the secular to handle your ways why give them an opportunity to do so? They don't believe in God how can they render justice if they don't believe in a God of justice.
* Christians will judge the world.
* Start practicing on little matters among the Christian community.
* Because our jurisdiction encompasses Angelic law as such human disputes must be easier for us to take on.
* Let one levelheaded person among you who can make fair decisions when disagreements and disputes come up.
* If there is not system in place for believers is address their own disputes let people endure the wrong rather than handle matters to the secular dispute systems.

#### Lost Practices of the Christian Community??

Don't you realize that this is not the way to live?... (1 Corinthians 6:9) This line is jumping at me in this way as Paul deals with the things that the Church community are not doing. I'm wondering as what is Christian practices have been lost over time.

[They need to be detailed. Look at what is being mentioned in Corinthians and build on it]

**Intro:** These practices are considered commonplace in the early chruch and have been lost to us. What are they? How far have we departured from them? How are they affecting our Christian communities?

* No apathy towards yeast. Dealing with it in the community.
* Ethical first in practice.
* Internal Disputes mechanism
* The Christians ethical foundation (check Daily Study Bible commentary on I Corinthians 6 for idea and direction)
* Concept: Technically Legal but not Spiritually Appropriate
* Taught by the Spirit. That is where the confusion came from when you people decided to be taught by others. Going to the place of being directly taught of God resolves this situation. Imagine Artificial Intelligence without the prime directive to act on. Then the AI will feed from others not the directives for inspiration for every action.

## 4:47 am: Presenting Yourself - Phase 2

### 4:51 am: 1st Surge of Power

### 4:59 am: The Witness Given

## 6:24 am: Master is Presents Himself

### 6:25 am: 2nd Surge of Power