# Prophet Larry Mwansa Diary 2021

# Week 5

## Saturday 30 Jan. 21:

### Open Door & Levelled Road

- I heard 'door open to enter into'. I saw a road grader making a road flat and level.
- This is making your level and easier. Making your straight and moving the hurdles out of your way.
- Holy Spirit provides power and makes things possible. While I acquire skills to manifest this levelling, he has done for me.
- Strategy must be implemented at the appointed time. Do not delay it. As it comes out move to work it. Go is go.

## Monday 1 Feb. 21:

### Word: Walk Circumspectly

Walk circumspectly. I have answered your prayer in the areas you have listed on your board (Ministry, Business, Domestic). I however need you to listen to me. The moving will be according to my instructions.

### Dream: Mr Mudenda Dream

I dreamt of my father Mr Mudenda. The symbol is one of the keys in the library. Please make an entry.

## Tuesday 2 Feb. 21

### Untainted Eye

Keep your eye untainted from strong desire. When are you guilty of doing a perceived wrong, it creates a strong feeling that desires you cut yourself away from God. The desire to acquire things and the need for money to make those acquisitions is similar. It is equally based on strong desire. Focus on something too long and it creates an amplification effect of that desire. Learn to discern that it is you desire and what is the nature of that desire.

### Strategy: Steps Ahead of the competition

You need to create distance between you and the enemy. Look what you are doing now with Yaliwe it is already done. You need to look ahead at other business.

Think this way, what you ask for is already done, and you are just awaiting delivery. Don't obsess over it. It is done.

You need to keep this in mind, you ought to be moving. It is an illusion to think or believe that you'll reach the proverbial 'Isaac's last well' and that all the opposes will end. Understand that your opposition is sustained by the 'hyena mentality' they scavenge after your resources.

Here is what you need to know, you be ahead. Begin to learn to keep a distance between yourself and the competition. Use time and events as a unit for measuring this distance or gap. For instance, it could be a one week, or one month, or six months. Your growth target is 10-year gap. Your current level of planning and execution requires it. It will work optimum with that gap. Think 10 years now and plan now.

Remember, what you're doing now is already done. Looking ahead means, 'planning for your future'. Looking ahead means 'what you want to see yourself as.' Looking ahead and keeping distance means 'where you see yourself as.' Looking ahead means, where you see yourself at'. These statements are your tools for setting up plans and strategy.

Here is what will happen to the competition, for instance, if you look ahead one week. They competition will be messed up or stuck for a week trying to walk through and catch to your week. 10 years will set them back 10 years. The competition knows this and they know the one who has the upper hand in planning will carry the day. They aim at getting you responding to their strategy. Be self-contained and focus on your purposes.

Don't be naïve what you're doing now, what you planned even if it a small part that is happening has already been done. Look ahead.

By God

## Wednesday 3 Feb. 21

### Time Management Strategy

Find a strategy for your time management. You can split your working as follows.:

**Implementing (Mon-Tue)**. Finish up the tasks for the week. Follow-up strategy.

**Audit Day (Wed)**. Tie up loose ends. Delivery Day. Make priority list. Meeting days.

**Concept creating (Thu-Fri).** Begin on the plan, product, or service.

By God

## Thursday 4 February 2021

### Plan to manage plans

I'm here to instruct you instruct you on planning (He is the angel sent to help in strategy and planning). You need a plan to manage plans. Here will focus on plans to carry out various tools at hand. And plans to manage simultaneous execution of these plans.

1. You work ahead.
2. You predict what tomorrow, next month, next year must look like. Walk your prediction.
3. Prepare next week this week, next month this month, next year this year.
4. Begin the 10-year plan.
5. Don't look at the business and say this is what I'm talking

### Foundation Development Planning

Foundation development and sustenance planning are different types. Whilst your main focus has been on the later, our focus will be on the former. I will be your aide in strategic foundational planning modelling. Remember the principle of entropy spheres.

Firstly, you predict your outcome, then you propose the negative that demands need for the predicated. Consequence as tool is vital for foundational states.

You have predictive sight and thinking. This is the last bastion of bastion of operation. And yes I will do a refresher on the other 3 bastions.

Here us your workflow:

1. Predictive affirmations.
2. Predicated states
3. Symbiotic cycles and their execution

This kind of planning is you creating the world system of your prediction. Giving it what it needs to sustain itself and create. Follow that system and the rest will fall into place. You can reconcile what was fallen and in contention by using the Principle of Grace.

### Dream:

### Abri Potgieter is opts not to Retaliate

It was several of us in a room. There were several white folks reclining on what seems like a bed. Abri Potgieter _(note: my boss at Celtic, was super hectic basically a slave driver. Did want to see us leave on time. Over working us was his way of running things)_ was among them. I behind these folks with a few other black people who seemed to be past employee of Celtic. While I was trying to move, I had to move over Abri's feet so I press on them. He looked over I saw that it was me. He said in other circumstances that would have been a problem.

The Rooms with the Grimy brown walls

The dream went to another scene. The people I was with felt like the ones I was with at the based of that bed recliner thing by Abri. We passed through what seem like some rooms in my old boarding school. The walls were grimy. They had what looked like brown grime swear on the walls and door frames.

### Chrisbour Drives and Crashes

We (Chrisbour, others and myself) are coming from somewhere (probably the continuation from the other scenes). We arrived at a police facility. Our aim was to pass through and continue on our journey. Two or so police personnel say they will help us get to where we are going. Somehow if we don't get help, we could have landed in trouble with the police. So, they helped us get a military grade vehicle. We continued to our intended destination.

The terrain in this place was alien. It didn't look like any like place here on earth. The ground and the vegetation were strange. So, the colours were also similar to the room but strange not commonly find in nature.

At one point Chris's driving got out control. He got to a place where he was driving in reverse and managed to drive off a short cliff and we fell the base. The police person who vouched to help us lost confidence in Chris driving and started to question our intentions in that area. It is guarded by the police. This question was depicted like a chase. With the police questioning being the chaser and Chris lack response the escapee.

# Week 6

## Wednesday 10 February 2021

### What you saw were four world events:

1. What was taken away will be restated. It will be sporadic in the beginning. Word will be heard that it happened here and there. It will be moving quickly. Then it will grow and spread. I will be known here on earth again.
2. There will be resurgence of efforts towards global unity
3. The European Union will forge a union with China that will change their position of power.
4. What was in Asia will soon be again. China and India there will be conflict.

Scripture:

Jer 31:23 MSG A Message from Israel's GOD-of-the-Angel-Armies: "When I've turned everything around and brought my people back, the old expressions will be heard on the streets: 'GOD bless you!' . . . 'O True Home!' . . . 'O Holy Mountain!'

### A Call Humility

You're called to come to the Lord in prayer. Come in humility. Ask for the peace of the world it will be given. You're the salt of the world. Now you view yourself as something that needs to be salted. Break the influence of bad guides. Return to me. My sheep know my voice. Why are you listening to so many voices? For all who feel lost return to the word, then you will hear my voice again.

## Thursday 11 February 2021

### Word

#### Personal:

- Your dreams will clear out soon.
- Don't worry about the children they will come to you soon

#### Business:

- Attend to new your new ventures. Pray for them now. You have entered the time of the new. I promised you new and that what I will deliver.

#### Home:

- Don't stress about your finances. It is time for your partner to learn how to handle and grow financially.
- Remember the home in the suburb. Pray for it.
- Pray earnestly for your vehicles. They are coming sooner that you think.

#### The Church At Large:

- Intercession for the nations.
- There has to be agreement in the Body.

# Week 7

## Saturday 13 February 2021

**Prophet Today**

We aim to be an information service giving the latest trends current affairs and offer revealing insights, and analysis locally and globally.

We have a heart for the prophets and the prophets ministry. We aim to help the budding prophets with the tools needed to operate proficiently.

We understand that they are services that are dedicated to offering information or the state of affairs of the church at large. What are the Headship's direction in your locality and globally.

**PT Editorial Direction**

1. **Social commentary local** - church affairs, work affairs, business, domestic, politics and governance
2. **Social commentary global** - trends in the main spheres of life
3. **Personal Development Management Content**. Practical Christians living. The Survival Toolkit
4. Apostolic Directive - the Headship's direction
5. Prophet's Resource Centre

**PT Segments** :

**Life Today:**

Covers human family life, marriages, Love life and cultural trends today. Indentifying social norms and cultural trends. What they mean and how to improve on them.

Issues such:

1. Dealing with prejudices
2. Issues of sexisms
3. Intolerance
4. Breaking away from borrowed cultures
5. Cultural syncretism -
  1. new Africa vs. old Africa. The myth of an old Africa.
  2. The nightmares of Pan Africanism and Despotism.
  3. Borrowed African American Woke-ishness and Neo Black consciousness
  4. The Black Lives Matter movement. Can it work here to remove despots?
6. The Rise of Nationalism and White Supremacy

**Christianity Today**

Will handle the trends that are happening in the church and believers. Where are believers leaning in the church.

Handle thorny issues on the hearts and lips of the church.

For instance:

1. The issue of financing. The decline of Christian generosity
2. Dwindling church attendance
3. Vagabond spirit - wandering Christian
4. Divination - seeking out spiritual guides for spirit word.
5. Church and the Pandemic
6. Prophetic and Apostolic Movement. Politics, wealth, power, and fame.

Segments:

Daily Christian walk.

Crossportuities

**Politics Today**

Will handle governance and policy discourses

Topics

Dealing with Pan Africanism one of the most ruinous political era in African times

African Times - dedicated to news about the continent

**Business Today**

Will handle business trends and the futures analysis

**Health & Fitness Today**

Sports Today

Education Today

Tech Today

Fashion & Beauty Today

Entertainment Today

### Dream:

#### Louie Goes Full Goku

I went to this pool club. I found Clive and Louie playing pool of a normal table. They had turned it into makeshift table. I greeted them was happy to see Louie back home. Other guys were waiting for their turn to play. I complained to the two brothers that I seem not to let them play.

After some exchange of words, Louie got furious. Clive tried to cool him down but Louie got violent and tore the place down. He had super human powers and strength. The place was blow like a huge wind and telekinetic power was blowing out of your Louie. I had a narrative Clive was telling me that's how Louie is now. He has these powers and uncontrollable destructive rage when he is offended.

On another occasion this happened on a street where he blew out 2-3 guys for offending him. Other time he was offended by the Celtic people. I knew he was heading there so I hurried there to get the people out of there before he got to the place. They were determined to stay and mount some defence. Phineas was there we spoke as the wind begun to blow. Louie appeared and tore the place up in rage. This time he was flying around and emitting visible energy (green colour).

I escaped from there hoping not to get caught. Louie found me. I pleaded with him not to harm me. That I had children. He asking me in anger where I was and what did I contribute to them leaving the country to settle in America and get prosperous. That when I noticed that the rage came out of that place of pain. And it was being trigger by his interactions and offence he picked up from people.

I told him I was glad when I heard they had left East Africa for the US. That was the contribution I made I told him so. He started to calm. He told me about the powers and about his current woman. Or at least there was a narrative going on.

Then some guys showed up and tick Louie off. He begun flying around and he caused massive destruction. I got away to avoid being harmed.

#### At Pamela's house

Another dream scene, this time I went to 115 Omega. I discovered that the place had smaller and poorer. The kids were looking mal-nourished and poorly dressed. In my mind I was like this is the feeling I got that things were not okay. I spoke to her that I wanted the children.

# WEEK 8

## Sunday 21 February 2021

### DREAMS

#### Alison And The Prophet

There was a prophet that Alison had been going to. I found out that they had sex. Upon confronting she admitted that it happened. In fact she was to meet him again. She said it was not meant to happen the sex, it was a mistake. But she looked like she was under the spell of this man. It seemed like when ever be wanted her she would drop anything and go to him.

The feeling of the dream was that betrayed and funding that out using sheer strength and also sapped the feelings of losing a life to another man.

## Monday 22 February 2021

### DREAMS

#### Alison and the new house

I bought a house. It costed us R1.04 million. It was in a T shape. The horizontal front block I thought would be converted into lounge and that stuff. While the vertical block would become bedrooms and such stuff.

I went to tell Alison about the house. She didn't seem interested. I was following her about trying to get her attention. She was either in the phone or busying her self. I wondered why because we had planned to get a house. Was it because I had settled for this one.

## Tuesday 23 February 2021

### Personal:

Fear is the weapon being used against you so that they can drive the narrative of you being an absentee parent. Confront it head on.

### Business:

What you are seeing in your dreams had to do with your business. I'm showing different areas of your business.

#### I started with ministry:

- Don't hold yourself to the same way of operating.
- You are fighting those who oppose you. That strategy is taking you away from the work. You are focusing on your services to others. Your business.
- I showed now that the Pamela system is not as healthy as it were. It uses fear and mockery to drive a wage between you and destiny.
- Where the Pam system was also Anita was. Be careful. Focus and destroy the fear system.

### Services to others:

- There are agreements set to come out for you business.
- Don't leave the under performing business un-attended. Have a heart to nurse it back and reahabilitation.
- Expect two more businesses to be established.

### Home:

- Did fear see your children
- Ask for them to visit with you
- Ask for them for Easter.

### Our Ministry:

Covered above

### Country of Residence:

The RSA markets will boom again. They regret they sold their trucks.

### Continent:

More wandering to take place.

### DREAMS

#### Pamela Mocking

I was in this place (new never been here before). It felt like I was confined to this place. There was an emphasis on the detail of the place.

Walking I saw Pamela talking to Anita and others. She was mocking me. She hasn't seen that me behind her. When she did she showed not regret. Rather she begins to antagonize me further. I got angry and fought her. Getting physical I told myself I'm losing it. This fighting thing I shouldn't do it.

So I left went back to where I was. Nkhalo was there too in this place. Got into the building found one of the dark kiddies who were Nkhalo's by the flat. He had some health issues. He is paralysed, dumb and mute. I'm concerned that he is not receiving enough attention. I feel obligated to help him. I felt guilty I think.

So Nkhalo and me want to Kindle the lost love. So when sleeping we share a bed. Then we kiss.

Scene change. In the same room again with Nkhalo but this time we have Stanley and other guy from Avondale come and seat in a circle in the room. That dumb boy has been sleeping for more that 15-20 hours. I'm asking others whether he woke or are. I'm thinking be met starve to death like this. I feel I must check on him.

End

# WEEK 9

## Sunday 28 February 2021

### DREAMS

The flying and the Nasty Stuff in my mouth

The School Riot and Escape

The maintenance guys in the field

## Monday 1 March 2021

### DREAMS:

There is this woman. We are excited about each other. We are fixing to make out. We organise the room. When we want to get together something seems to pop up. Can sense the frustration and struggle.

## Tuesday 2 March 2021

### Personal:

The first path to the new is to live in the future. What you are doing now has already been done. There's nothing that exists now that hasn't been done. The above (divine things) are in the future. That is the upper hand. Gain the advantage. Nothing was created and lives in a parity. Abandon that notion. In fact you will enter a phase of abandoning existing thought processes.

Take the preparing for winter. You go ahead and organise your heating. Buy the clothing. What is your goal. A winter of work. A winter of comfort and freedom. A winter of nights of prayer. Begin to organise for it.

Freedom is coming. First place in the home. So like you have been thinking of obtaining supplies in the home so buy the microfibre cloth for the work area. Build that table.

## Wednesday 3 February 2021

### DREAMS

#### Traffic Cop

Alison, a child, and myself are going to some place. We get in a taxi (mini bus). Driving the bus is pulled over by a traffic Cop. We all have to get out.

This police man is seated in a bush on a small stool of sorts. Writing out something to do with a charge. He charge that the taxi would be impounded. The passengers were not happy and complained. However none dared to question the validity of this charge.

I stepped up to question the cop to give me the premise of his charge. What law he had applied that the taxi broke. He wasn't responding. But looked his composure was rattled.

The people are saying yes someone ought to talk. And in my mind I'm like yes me I talk. You need to sound like you know the law. Then you will see this people quake.

This dream is in the day time.

#### Alison going to feed her beast

Alison says she needs to use the toilet that's in her way to feed the animal. The animal is some sort of large dog like beast in the sense that it kept like you would a pet dog. She wants me to come with her and help out.

This dream is at night.

She reminds me again. Must be second it third time not entirely certain. I go with her though didn't want. We stop by the toilet. She is becomes weak and falls to the floor. She has a temperature. I'm telling her you haven't been honest. You are bidding that you are not well.

At that time someone is there too showing concern and trying to help.

#### 31 Ngwerere Packing

There is packing going on. I have a boy with me in the kitchen. On the curtain rail that is on the window by the door leading to kitchen verandah, they are some containers that belonged to my mother. I'm thinking I will take them.

Lulu and Rachel are there. So I take some carved ornaments from the living room. As I pick one there seem to transform into some favorable designs. I pick one then I found another. Now I not cannot really limit my choice but I'm getting them. I have three. In my mind I'm telling these and trying to avoid my sisters confronting me. So I settle of sort conceal them as pass Rachel in the corridor as I head to my former bedroom. I need to find my bag and place the ornaments in it. There is issues finding it. Eventual found.

I go to the kitchen find the boy. We share some information how this was were I lived. Then I notice the containers in top of the curtain never been washed. And have turned out to be ornamental tea or sugar cannisters. One of them had got this blue green colour. I remember it shape like something. I get them as well. Saying they used to be my mother's. I will keep them. As I pass Lulu.

# WEEK 10

## Saturday 6 March 2021

### DREAMS

I was complaining that the work load is too much to someone (dream kind of fuzzy now). Yaliwe was talking about are task on one of her businesses. I was like yes will to do it. Then about three times I told that her Celo money her come through. Each time she goes to check there a Chameleon visible only, the coiled tail. Emphasized by spot light. The coiled tailed main colour red. This tail would nudge something on the electronics. When she checks she would find no money has been transferred.

The last time she came back she said her brother. She called him the boss wanted to see me. So when I asked where he was she said upstairs. But for some reason he was hard to located.

## Sunday 7 March 2021

### DREAMS

This dream is hard to remember:

3 times I went to this place it had to do with CorelDRAW or business. Lulu and seems like children were would come there on those three occasions. They didn't take seriously what that place was about.

#### Babongile Scene

After that I saw that Babongile was there. She was working on a side project for the church she attends. I wonder speaking to myself, I didn't know she devoted to Christian work.

#### John Wants to start a Newspaper

So John meets me on my way to business, stops me and asks, "how much is a newspaper design on CorelDRAW?" I was thinking this guy is absurd. He does even look a person who can run a paper. He asked me for the something else he wants to do. Must have been radio media.

#### Lost

I'm in this place. Have to leave where I was with my relative cause there was some kind of upheaval. So, I find my way to this place. I need to a safe place to hide to avert capture. I find this place where this is woman. The place is high on some poles. She accepts to shelter me. I wander about having this feeling of being lost. Then find my way back. We make with this woman. As we make out I'm thinking this is not as good or something like that. I'm thinking that I can stop now and do it again later.

## Tuesday 9 March 2021

### PERSONAL:

Getting into the presence will require some walking. It is just like going to some place. Literally it is like going up a hill or a mountain.

### HOME:

Over loading yourself with activities is not a balancing act. Throw out some stuff and concentrate on what is real. Don't try to do too much at one time. Remember you're learning how to do this. So small baby steps.

### BUSINESS:

Begin to pray for Masaoo I'm going to use it in a big way to be a channel of blessing to many.

Fear not about your work, it is blessed. I will multiply what is in your hands. I don't need too much only what you have.

Remember your writing is a gateway. Write. Whenever you get an opportunity to write you write. Don't listen to the critics. Remember they write for certain audience.

Our Ministry:

The Church At Large:

Country of Residence:

Continent:

World:

Dream:

# WEEK 11

# WEEK 12

## Wednesday 24 March 2021

PERSONAL:

HOME:

BUSINESS:

OUR MINISTRY:

THE CHURCH AT LARGE:

COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE:

CONTINENT:

WORLD:

### DREAM:

#### Lost and found My Woman

My woman is Lakin. She had a performance the day before it went well. People were looking to seeing perform today. We are making our way to get a bus to go to the place where she will be performing. It is Lakin, a colleague and myself. As we are passing a crowded place I lose sight of Lakin. Now I'm alone walking I have sort of given up looking for her. I meet these 3 boys talking about getting to the performance. How nice it was. They leave.

I'm passing through some drainage system. I go to the bottom about to start climbing the end embankment to making out top the other side. Lakin was in using a separating wall that looks like a bridge. She asking me where I have been and doing. She is saying let's go to the show. As I see her thoughts suspicion are running through my mind. Where is from? What is she up to?

##### Interpretation

Don't be suspicious of your partner.

# WEEK 14

DREAM:

I'm at the place where we hold church services. I have returned to do the work. I have assigned a young to manage the services at the church which has the same designation as TOP. I see that she is not working well. I decide I will step in and do the service.

As I begin to minister, I'm thinking what am I going to preach. Also, whether the people will except me. I see that some stay, but see that some have left.

# WEEK 15

PERSONAL:

HOME:

BUSINESS:

OUR MINISTRY:

THE CHURCH AT LARGE:

COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE:

CONTINENT:

WORLD:

DREAM:

## Wednesday 14 April 2021

### Prophet Phillip Banda Says Ministry First

I'm at Prophet Phillip Banda's service. Eliam, Pamela and the kids are there as well. The meeting is placing taking at UNZA Great East Road Campus, at Magoma Lakes. Mark and I get walk up the slope to where that stage is set. We get seats by the stage. These honoured seats and I'm like wow how do we get these.

Prophet is ministering. At one point there are some people dressed in silver or light grey he interacting with. At that time, I'm not paying attention because something else (I cannot recall). At the end of the meeting, I get an opportunity to walk and talk with him.

I tell him I have a struggle trying to make sense of what I must do first ministry or business. In my mind I'm saying won't shout at me for doing ministry. _(Because of his position of negligent operators)_. I'm thinking I must frame my words right so that he does not misconstrue my intended point. As I'm attempting form my words. He interrupts and says, "Ministry comes first. _(I'm thinking okay he does not lambast me on doing ministry)_.

'Ministry must come first. All that you are trying to earn you will earn in ministry first.'

We reach some shops he wants to get something other. I thank for the talk we part company. Mark, Pamela and the kids come. Pamela says the time Prophet was talking to the people in grey. These are the people that have helped with the accusation cases that have been happening to Prophet. I say okay. Eliam leaves heading for Munali station. I'm thinking since Pamela is in Kaunda Square best possible route will either getting to Munali on foot. Then catch a bus for Kaunda Square. Or get a bus from the gate on UNZA then drop off at Munali. Eventually she opts for the Munali route. I walk them off. END.

# WEEK 16

PERSONAL:

HOME:

BUSINESS:

OUR MINISTRY:

THE CHURCH AT LARGE:

COUNTRY OF RESIDENCE:

CONTINENT:

WORLD:

DREAM:

#### Monday 19 April 2021

##### Upgraded Police Give Chase

I found there's police. I have to make a run for it. _(living in South Africa you under threat of deportation)_. I run away and find a place to hide. These police seem to be an upgrade. They soon discover where I'm hiding. I run they give chase. I go further and leave them behind. The tension is high.

#### Tuesday 20 April 2021

Old GPUs And Office Move

This boy is selling GPUs. He says he needs to raise money for something. When I examine his GPU I notice that they have reel to reel tapes in them. I wondering how this is going to work. Seeing that they are old versions. Because I need GPUs with more power than my current GPU.

During the time I met the GPU boy, I'm intending to move my office into the other room. Where from the other living area so that I cannot be disturbed.

My Sisters are Lawyers

I'm observing as my sisters are trying a case. The place looked like a show as I was on the backstage. But I soon found it was some court proceeding. So there was Mutinta and the other two. Mutinta seemed to be good at being a lawyer according to what I had observed.