# Daily Analysis Report

## Metadata

**Date/Time:** Wednesday 19.01.2022 - 05:01am
**Place:** Benoni, 41 Ampthil (32 Voortrekker)
**Name of Person:** Larry Mwansa
____

## Devotional Session Metadata

**Phase 1: Present Yourself**
05:01am - 06:30am: Scripture Reading I Corinthians

I'm I Cornithians. Here are the points that Paul responds to:

* Let there be no divisions in the church (I Cor.1:10-17)
* You pass scandal off as a small thing (I Cor. 5)
* Failure to handle disputues letting the ungodly system handle your disputes (I Cor. 6)
* He deals with Marriage relationship or sexual relationships. And points to our relationship Christ having centre stage (read more)
* Concerning food offered to Idols

05:49am: Praying

05:51am: 1st surge of power I'm presented

05:53am: Witness is given

**Phase 2: He Presents Himself**
05:57am: He presents Himself

**Phase 3: Gifts Presented**
06:00am: 3rd surge of power gifts are given

_______

## Entries

**It is me who sustains you.** I'm the one who sustains you. It is not your needs that dictate your sustenance it is me. It is not your partner or you it is me who sustains you.

**Concerning Pamela.** She is caught up in a mind gambit. She has been laid to believe that you bring destruction to children. For each step you take with the children there is forboding and crippling fear that harm will enter the children's life.

**Concerning the Judiciary in Benoni.** There is organised corruption that is taking place at the Benoni courts here on [name street].

**Concerning UABA.** Don't leave UABA you must stay. Start praying for UABA. Pray for Yaliwe also. I will use her greatly especially this time is Africa. Pray for her more so now that she is in Zambia. she is about to get into a relationship that will demand alot of sacrifice from her than she had imagined.

### Audit

#### Fear and Escapism Gambit

Yesterday the Master begun revealing to me something about the inner person. The condition he is in. I saw that the inner person and rest of me where not in harmony. The inner me looked drained of strength and vitality. He didn't believe what I saw as the course of action. And there was a cry for help to believe.

The Master help me undeerstand what I saw as not seemingly right to me. He illustrated it is way, that we are patterned him. The inner me is like Master Spirit. He is the one who animates all my thoughts. He is the one who believe my justifications. In that same manner he is tha one who is most affected by them as well.

Master referred me to the thought system. He said all things function based on that makeup. The Subjective working on the objective states. Your inner person being the objective and the soul being the subjective in this context.

So Master said my priority is the inner me. Make it hamronize. Make it be of oneness of faith. Because what it believes and justifies it produces. It is new to me and didn't know how to get it done. Also how to relate to my discovered self.

Now coming to this session and to the progressing revelation. Now this is what Master has helped me learn about myself today.

So he was leading into receiving a message, that is the time I was receiving the second message. Fear would rise together with a thought of the Master giving a bad report. Like something that would bring trouble to my life and in this case my children.

This happened during this session several times as he took me through the messages and things to know. Point is Master asked to remember that ever since I have always afraid been that he would show me things I didn't want to see. That I want to protect my own way on seeing things. So Master has helped me see that this started when I was young. I have the fear of things as they are. So over time my coping mechanism has been to avoid it. In its place fear has dominating me. My thinking is sustained by this fear. I found myself falling back on it even when I know I shouldn't. Each time I feel like Master is about to drop a bomb revelation which will mess with my being I get this sinking feeling. And it is like that sinking is the power manifest in sabotaging my own truth and reality wow!!

What is actually happening is that I sustain my thinking on escapism (I think that's what it is). Or from my new learnt revelation on philosophy (wisdom). I sustain the philosophy of fear and escapism. And it uses fear as a door-keeper. That way my inner person in given to produce according to my fears and not according to what Master is doing for me or reaping great stuff from my present reality.

So most of the times I feel like I'm living in observation mode. Like an observer of my own life. Not fully in touch with what is happening to me. Never really touched and fulfilled in my values and happiness.

So also never really finding value in what I have. Or ever enjoying what I have been given. Like i don't what to feel and about the real things I have. Only passionate about the stuff of ideals of the place of comfort but averse of my reality. Writing this out is painful. Now I understand why yesterday the inner person cried out for help to believe. I cry out at this every moment to the Master to help me become whole. Also I understand that I have to talk about the mind gambit stuff much more so others can know.

#### Targets To Achieve

* Come out from the place of fear.
* Embrace the real find value in the real.

#### Evaluation
