# Daily Analysis Report

## Metadata

**Date/Time:** Wednesday 26.01.2022 - 04:300am
**Place:** Benoni, 41 Ampthil (32 Voortrekker)
**Name of Person:** Larry Mwansa
____

## Devotional Session Metadata

**Phase 1: Present Yourself**

5:51am: Scripture Reading I Corinthians

ICo 1:3
The things Father God does for us or gives to us are categorized as gifts. Then you get benefits, these are more like what the covenant provides for us.

Evidence of the one from Genesis when Father God puts the Man in Eden. Check this line:

And not only that, but God himself is right alongside to keep you steady and on track until things are all wrapped up by Jesus. God, who got you started in this spiritual adventure, shares with us the life of his Son and our Master Jesus. He will never give up on you. Never forget that. 
1 Corinthians 1:8-9

That's what the Hebrew root of the word meant to illustrate. The concept of walking along side the man. Being the guide to the man.

05:49am: Praying

05:51am: 1st surge of power I'm presented

05:53am: Witness is given

**Phase 2: He Presents Himself**
05:57am: He presents Himself

**Phase 3: Gifts Presented**
06:00am: 3rd surge of power gifts are given

_______

## Entries

Let the personal audit come after the priestly duties have been served. The Audit has got two auditors yourself and Master Spirit. What is vital is to get into Master Spirit's session. It is super helpful cause he will walk you through understanding and admitting difficult truths to about yourself. 

Remember this and take note. Your Soul doesn't take kindly to change. Ir is sustained about motives and justification. The way of thinking stuff right? So once it identifies that these are about to be taken away, it will put up a fight. Or it will begin sabotaging very effort for remedy. That is why you find that after you understand your truth some emotion kicks in as reaction. Examples total unbelieve, outright anger and hatred, unhappiness, fear of loss or illogical protectiveness.

### Audit

#### Targets To Achieve

#### Evaluation
