# Daily Analysis Report

## Metadata

**Date/Time:** Saturday 05.02.2022 - 5:04am
**Place:** Benoni, 41 Ampthil (32 Voortrekker)
**Name of Person:** Larry Mwansa
____

## Devotional Session Metadata

**Phase 1: Present Yourself**

These are all warning markers--DANGER!--in our history books, written down so that we don't repeat their mistakes. Our positions in the story are parallel--they at the beginning, we at the end--and we are just as capable of messing it up as they were. Don't be so naive and self-confident. You're not exempt. You could fall flat on your face as easily as anyone else. Forget about self-confidence; it's useless. Cultivate God-confidence. 
1 Corinthians 10:11-12

_[Like I was teaching about it in the last video. The parallels in the history that mirror our times.]_

No test or temptation that comes your way is beyond the course of what others have had to face. All you need to remember is that God will never let you down; he'll never let you be pushed past your limit; he'll always be there to help you come through it. 
1 Corinthians 10:13

_[So I take then if the trial is tough to the point that seems impossible and it is still going on. Is it safe to say the one has not yet reached the limit. That you have a higher threshold and God knows it and you ought to know it]_

So, my very dear friends, when you see people reducing God to something they can use or control, get out of their company as fast as you can. 
1 Corinthians 10:14

Because there is one loaf, our many-ness becomes one-ness--Christ doesn't become fragmented in us. Rather, we become unified in him. We don't reduce Christ to what we are; he raises us to what he is. 
1 Corinthians 10:17

That's basically what happened even in old Israel--those who ate the sacrifices offered on God's altar entered into God's action at the altar. 
1 Corinthians 10:18


05:47am: Praying

05:49am: 1st surge of power I'm presented

05:53am: Witness is given

**Phase 2: He Presents Himself**
05:59am: He presents Himself

**Phase 3: Gifts Presented**
06:04am: 3rd surge of power gifts are given

_______

## Entries



### Audit

#### Targets To Achieve

#### Evaluation
