# Daily Analysis Report

## Metadata

**Date/Time:** Friday 11.02.2022 - 3:48am
**Place:** Benoni, 41 Ampthil (32 Voortrekker)
**Name of Person:** Larry Mwansa
____

## Devotional Session Metadata

**Phase 1: Present Yourself**

03:49am The Word

Any man who speaks with God or about God in a way that shows a lack of respect for the authority of Christ, dishonors Christ. 
1 Corinthians 11:4


Chain of Authority
So there is a chain of authority:

God main authority 
Jesus under God
Husband under Christ 
Wife under Christ

Mirror it this way in terms of Church authority:

The one chosen to go speak about God to others must honor the authority of Christ.
The one chosen to go speak to the flock must honor his or her Shepherd, otherwise if they don't the dishonor the authority of Christ.

In the same way, a wife who speaks with God in a way that shows a lack of respect for the authority of her husband, dishonors her husband. 
1 Corinthians 11:5


The issue of that Paul rises about dishonoring the Holy Communion is similar to that of dishonoring the Lord's work of grace in devotional prayer.

And then I find that you bring your divisions to worship--you come together, and instead of eating the Lord's Supper, you bring in a lot of food from the outside and make pigs of yourselves. Some are left out, and go home hungry. Others have to be carried out, too drunk to walk. I can't believe it! 
1 Corinthians 11:20-21

What you must solemnly realize is that every time you eat this bread and every time you drink this cup, you reenact in your words and actions the death of the Master. You will be drawn back to this meal again and again until the Master returns. You must never let familiarity breed contempt. Anyone who eats the bread or drinks the cup of the Master irreverently is like part of the crowd that jeered and spit on him at his death. Is that the kind of "remembrance" you want to be part of? 
1 Corinthians 11:26-27

Here are the consequences of getting familiar and doing it for your own appetite:

Examine your motives, test your heart, come to this meal in holy awe. If you give no thought (or worse, don't care) about the broken body of the Master when you eat and drink, you're running the risk of serious consequences. That's why so many of you even now are listless and sick, and others have gone to an early grave. 
1 Corinthians 11:28-30

What is similar here about them having holy communion in meet-ups is similar to the individual appearing before the Master without recognise the body and covenant of the  Master.


A monster or not a monster
So here is a teaching on honoring each unit of the organisation. And what happends when one part becomes more important than the others.


But I also want you to think about how this keeps your significance from getting blown up into self-importance. For no matter how significant you are, it is only because of what you are a part of. An enormous eye or a gigantic hand wouldn't be a body, but a monster. 
1 Corinthians 12:19

When it's a part of your own body you are concerned with, it makes no difference whether the part is visible or clothed, higher or lower. You give it dignity and honor just as it is, without comparisons. 
1 Corinthians 12:23

Paul concludes his teaching on addressing divisions as he deals with the other part divisions self importance. Earlier he dealt with division on how people made the covenant an opportunity for greed and familiarity.

When it's a part of your own body you are concerned with, it makes no difference whether the part is visible or clothed, higher or lower. You give it dignity and honor just as it is, without comparisons. If anything, you have more concern for the lower parts than the higher. If you had to choose, wouldn't you prefer good digestion to full-bodied hair? The way God designed our bodies is a model for understanding our lives together as a church: every part dependent on every other part, the parts we mention and the parts we don't, the parts we see and the parts we don't. If one part hurts, every other part is involved in the hurt, and in the healing. If one part flourishes, every other part enters into the exuberance. You are Christ's body--that's who you are! You must never forget this. Only as you accept your part of that body does your "part" mean anything. You're familiar with some of the parts that God has formed in his church, which is his "body": apostles prophets teachers miracle workers healers helpers organizers those who pray in tongues. But it's obvious by now, isn't it, that Christ's church is a complete Body and not a gigantic, unidimensional Part? It's not all Apostle, not all Prophet, not all Miracle Worker, not all Healer, not all Prayer in Tongues, not all Interpreter of Tongues. And yet some of you keep competing for so-called "important" parts. But now I want to lay out a far better way for you. 
1 Corinthians 12:23-31

 
04:47am: Praying

--:--am: 1st surge of power I'm presented

--:--am: Witness is given

**Phase 2: He Presents Himself**

05:06am: He presents Himself

**Phase 3: Gifts Presented**
06:04am: 3rd surge of power gifts are given

_______

## Entries



### Audit

#### Targets To Achieve

#### Evaluation
