# Daily Analysis Report

## Metadata

**Date/Time:** Tuesday 16.03.2022 - 4:20am
**Place:** Benoni, 114 Woburn
**Name of Person:** Larry Mwansa
____

## Devotional Session Metadata

**Phase 1: Present Yourself**

04:20am The Word

Luke 4:1-2

Jesus, full of the Holy Spirit, returned from the Jordan, and was led by the Spirit into the wilderness  Luke 4:1.

Compared with:

Now the serpent was more subtle than any animal of the field which Yahweh God had made. He said to the woman, "Has God really said, 'You shall not eat of any tree of the garden?' "  Genesis 3:1.

But he himself went a day's journey into the wilderness, and came and sat down under a juniper tree: and he requested for himself that he might die, and said, It is enough; now, O Yahweh, take away my life; for I am not better than my fathers.  1 Kings 19:4.

Here in Genesis is the mirror event of the encounter with Serpent. Note the location of this event "wilderness or field". Also notice the condition, He was full of the Spirit. Not only was he full of the Spirit. He was born of the Spirit. 



for forty days, being tempted by the devil. He ate nothing in those days. Afterward, when they were completed, he was hungry.  Luke 4:2.

Compare with:
He was there with Yahweh forty days and forty nights; he neither ate bread, nor drank water. He wrote on the tablets the words of the covenant, the ten commandments.  Exodus 34:28.

Jesus answered him, saying, "It is written, 'Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.' " 
Luke 4:4.

When I was gone up onto the mountain to receive the tables of stone, even the tables of the covenant which Yahweh made with you, then I stayed on the mountain forty days and forty nights; I did neither eat bread nor drink water.  10.  Yahweh delivered to me the two tables of stone written with the finger of God; and on them was written according to all the words, which Yahweh spoke with you on the mountain out of the midst of the fire in the day of the assembly.  11.  It came to pass at the end of forty days and forty nights, that Yahweh gave me the two tables of stone, even the tables of the covenant.  12.  Yahweh said to me, Arise, get down quickly from hence; for your people whom you have brought forth out of Egypt have corrupted themselves; they have quickly turned aside out of the way which I commanded them; they have made them a molten image. Deuteronomy 9:9-12

The mountaintop experience is like the full in the Spirit condition. To be without food is to be without the ruling condition after the fall. Or not to subsist on the condition of the fall. Look at this text here:

He arose, and ate and drank, and went in the strength of that food forty days and forty nights to Horeb the Mount of God.
1 Kings 19:8.

Here Prophet Elijah is supplied food by the Master. 

The mountaintop condition compare with this text:
Then he answered and spoke to me, saying, "This is the word of Yahweh to Zerubbabel, saying, 'Not by might, nor by power, but by my Spirit,' says Yahweh of Armies. Who are you, great mountain? Before Zerubbabel you are a plain; and he will bring out the capstone with shouts of 'Grace, grace, to it!' " 
Zechariah 4:6-7.

The Spirit condition is contrasted to the great mountain. The Spirit covers the mountain and the law is given on the mountain. The mountain is sudbued by the Law of the Spirit. The Mountain being the head is crushed or squashed of the one born of the Law of the Spirit. Or the one of the Law of the Spirit is above the mountain.

I will put enmity between you and the woman, and between your offspring and her offspring. He will bruise your head, and you will bruise his heel." 
Genesis 3:15.

So here we see the culmination of the types:

The fast is signifies of the condition absence of the law of sin and death. It is being alive to the word and the Spirit.
The mountain is the power of the wilderness. The Devil or the Liar is the master of the wild or the field. He is that same character known as the Serpent.
The fall is enacted with the original players. Law of the Spirit meets the Law of Sin and Death. Sin and Death is crushed in this contest. Because unlike the first contest in the garden, this Jesus is the chosen one. 



05:35am: Praying

--:--am: 1st surge of power I'm presented

--:--am: Witness is given

**Phase 2: He Presents Himself**

--:--am: He presents Himself

**Phase 3: Gifts Presented**
--:--am: 3rd surge of power gifts are given

_______

## Entries



### Audit

#### Targets To Achieve

#### Evaluation
