# Daily Analysis Report

## Metadata

**Date/Time:** Tuesday 24.03.2022 - 4:26am
**Place:** Benoni, 114 Woburn
**Name of Person:** Larry Mwansa
____

## Devotional Session Metadata

**Phase 1: Present Yourself**

04:27am The Word

Luke 4:3-4

The 3 Temptations

The three temptations all have symbols that have to do with people

Stones - a people
Mountain - Kingdoms, nations
Temple - The kingdom of God

## Stones - Bread
The devil said to him, "If you are the Son of God, command this stone to become bread." Jesus answered him, saying, "It is written, 'Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God.' " 
Luke 4:3-4.

* To turn stones into bread is to lead people into rebellion. So that they are at war with the Master. The response is Man cannot endured in rebellion. He endures in the way of God.

* Serpent wants the Master to choose to live by rebellion. 
* Just like the fasting which being done by Jesus. He choose to subsist on the way of the Father that is grace. While in the case of Eve (humanity) we chose to subsist on self.

* Remember that is instance Father prescribed what to eat. Or what to subsist on. And in Genesis 3 just like in Luke 4:3-4

* So we see here that the stone comes from the ground, the earth. Remember how man was formed from the dust of the ground. The stone is something that is made of the ground. It has to with human philosophy. Just like at Babel stage they started to build with brick and mortar. Or like in Egypt they had stone to make for the pyramid. Or Just like Laban's names is white stone.

## Mountain - Bread Worship
The devil, leading him up on a high mountain, showed him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time. The devil said to him, "I will give you all this authority, and their glory, for it has been delivered to me; and I give it to whomever I want. If you therefore will worship before me, it will all be yours." Jesus answered him, "Get behind me Satan! For it is written, 'You shall worship the Lord your God, and you shall serve him only.' " 
Luke 4:5-8.

* As stated earlier the mountain is made up of stones or people. So these are nations and kingdoms under the rule of bread. And Serpent is offering the Master to rule them as his Messiah under rebellion.

* Now I note high mountain. Here the high mountain should be seen as not only a collection of nations. But as a divine ethos and its distributed jurisdiction. This an alternative religion and its kingdom. It is a high place. And I quote high Smith & Fausset: 

" High Places. (Hebrew, bamoth). From the top of Hermon to the crest of the low hills, all over the land, there are evidences that they were used for religious rites, both in idolatrous and in pure worship. The temple on Moriah was intended to supersede all other high places, and no other worship was allowed, except on special occasions." - Smith

The three altars built by Abraham at Shechem, between Bethel and Ai, and at Mamre, were on heights. Such sites consecrated of old would naturally be resorted to in after times as sanctuaries. - Fausset

* So, The mountain is the power of the wilderness. The Devil or the Liar is the master of the wild or the field. He is that same character known as the Serpent. The Spirit condition is contrasted to the great mountain. The Spirit covers the mountain and the law is given on the mountain. The mountain is sudbued by the Law of the Spirit. The Mountain being the head is crushed or squashed of the one born of the Law of the Spirit. Or the one of the Law of the Spirit is above the mountain.


## Temple - Forsake God
He led him to Jerusalem, and set him on the pinnacle of the temple, and said to him, "If you are the Son of God, cast yourself down from here, for it is written, 'He will put his angels in charge of you, to guard you;' and, 'On their hands they will bear you up, lest perhaps you dash your foot against a stone.' " Jesus answering, said to him, "It has been said, 'You shall not tempt the Lord your God.' " 
Luke 4:9-12.

* Now the Temple in Jerusalem is a collection of stones or people built up into the kingdom of the Father. 
* Satan questions the way of Grace. The way is a pilgramage from the on set. The humans are to walk guide by the power of God on this pilgrim in this foreign land.
* Serpent incites the Master to forsake the way, or to backslide and renounce the way. Just like the people did in the wilderness. They would slander God and his way. Always referring the artifical mountains of the Pharoahs.  
* It is the self confession with which one blasphemes the Master. Just it is with the self confession that one gets saved.


# Conclusion
The temptations reveal this: 
* One the individual level the strategy is to come a person to live on rebellion.
* There are two kingdoms and two religions (or system of rule). The high places on Moriah Yahweh temple is Jerusalem. And there is high place of Serpent,  the Mountain of Bread. 
* The ultimate goal for Serpent is to get you to serve bread. Or to make you slander the Master forsake the way. 


05:35am: Praying

--:--am: 1st surge of power I'm presented

--:--am: Witness is given

**Phase 2: He Presents Himself**

--:--am: He presents Himself

**Phase 3: Gifts Presented**
--:--am: 3rd surge of power gifts are given

_______

## Entries



### Audit

#### Targets To Achieve

#### Evaluation
